In this repository I collect materials I used for teaching Wikipedia at schools and in higher education in Germany.

All files are published under [CC-by-sa 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode) by Juergen Fenn.

* bibliografie-wikipedia-schulprojekt-2010.bib contains a bibliography of relevant literature I used when I started out back in 2010. This is why later publications are not mentioned in the list. It was not meant to be exhaustive, and it is provided as-is in the hope that it will be useful. Format: BibLaTeX export from Zotero.
* mindmap-wikimedia-movement-january-2013.svg and mindmap-wikimedia-movement-january-2019.svg are mindmaps of the Wikimedia movement I created with FreeMind in January 2013 and in January 2019. The svg file of the same name is an export from FreeMind. 
* bibliografie-wikimedia-rechtsfragen.bib is a bibliography of Wikimedia Foundation policies and resolutions, legal opinions, court decisions, discussions, etc., on  legal matters concerning Wikimedia projects. I keep updating it regularly. Format: BibLaTeX export from Zotero. The bibliography is also available on Zotero where you can follow the group [Wikimedia-Rechtsfragen](https://www.zotero.org/groups/2249241/wikimedia-rechtsfragen).
* bibliografie-von-der-kommune-zur-virtuellen-community-2018.bib is a bibliography I had compiled for a talk at a conference organised by our local Protestant church on the aftermath of the 1968 movement in German ecclesiastical culture at Rhein-Main universities in October 2018. I prepared a follow-up to a talk on collective authorship in the humanities at the time. How does it compare with collaborative writing we have come to see in Wikipedia? Format: BibLaTeX export from Zotero.
* bibliografie-qualitaet-und-zuverlaessigkeit-von-wikipedia-beurteilen-2018.bib contains a bibliography I created for two sessions I held at Berufsbildende Schule Montabaur on 25 October 2018 as a crititical introduction for teachers to how reliable Wikipedia is with regard to the most recent trends concerning quality. Format: BibLaTeX export from Zotero.
* handout-wikipedia-artikel-beurteilen.odt and the corresponding PDF file is a handout I used in the abovementioned workshops at Berufsbildende Schule Montabaur on 25 October 2018. Format: Open Document Text export from LibreOffice.

For legal information please refer to my [personal homepage](http://juergenfenn.de/impressum.html). For the privacy policy of GitHub please see the [GitHub Privacy Statement](https://help.github.com/articles/github-privacy-statement/) (in English). You can find additional information required by European law [on my personal website](http://juergenfenn.de/datenschutz.html) (in German).
